Fix P-GPS to work with other partitions in external flash (#9860)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud_pgps.rst

  This conserves space in the main flash for storing code or other data.
  Currently, you cannot combine storing P-GPS data in external flash with full modem FOTA.

>   To use an external flash partition, enable the following options in your project's configuration file or place them in an configuration overlay file.
>   See an example overlay in the file :file:`samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/overlay_pgps_ext_flash.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use an external flash partition, enable the following options in your project's configuration file or place them in an configuration overlay file (for example  :file:`samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/overlay_pgps_ext_flash.conf`):
```

        devicetree error: /chosen: undefined node label 'mx25r64'

>   Finally, add the following to a device tree overlay for your board.
>   This is typically placed in a file within your application's source folder in a subfolder `boards`.
>   See an example provided in the file :file:`samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns_0_14_0.overlay`.
> 
> ::
> 
>     / {
>       chosen {
>         nordic,pm-ext-flash = &mx25r64;
>       };
>     };
> 
>     /* Enable high drive mode for the SPI3 pins to get a square signal at 8 MHz */
>     &spi3_default {
>       group1 {
>         nordic,drive-mode = <NRF_DRIVE_H0H1>;
>       };
>     };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Finally, add the following to a devicetree overlay for your board:
 
::

    / {
      chosen {
        nordic,pm-ext-flash = &mx25r64;
      };
    };

    /* Enable high drive mode for the SPI3 pins to get a square signal at 8 MHz */
    &spi3_default {
      group1 {
        nordic,drive-mode = <NRF_DRIVE_H0H1>;
      };
    };
    
  This is typically placed in a file within your application's source folder in a :file:`boards` subfolder.
  See an example provided in the file :file:`samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/boards/nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns_0_14_0.overlay`.

```
